>> Steve Kinney: Right now,
our application still works,
cuz everything is in Application, still.
But what we'll see that we can do is,
first, we need to wrap some higher-level,
some top-level component in the provider
itself, so things can hook into it.
So I'm just actually gonna go to
index,
>> Steve Kinney: I'll wrap
the application,
this is very similar to,
if you use Redux React.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and now,
>> Steve Kinney: With the actual
posts,
>> Steve Kinney: We can pull in that
PostContext,
>> Steve Kinney: And
instead of passing the post in,
we don't need to do that anymore,
cuz they previously had to get
passed in from the application.
Now we don't have to pass
them into the application,
cuz any component can hook
in to that state, right?
And so if this became a giant application,
with a tree that was 17 levels deep of
components, and only the components
16 levels down needed the post?
Fine, we don't have to pass it
through the other 16 levels, right?
And this is a really great pattern for
using with Firebase, cuz now we can
create these things totally separately.
And in the same way that we were able to
add stuff into the database from anywhere
in our application.
We can also now consume posts
from Firestore, as well.
So we'll go ahead, we don't need the posts
from there anymore, we'll go ahead and
we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: PostsContext.Consumer,
>> Steve Kinney: And that will actually
pass in some posts that we can use.
>> Steve Kinney: So now,
we get to do everyone's favorite thing,
let's first make sure the app
didn't completely break.
>> Steve Kinney: [SOUND],
insufficient or missing privileges,
>> Steve Kinney: Rule errors was not
the bug I was expecting when I
flipped back over, so that's awesome.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
they look like they're going in now,
maybe that was possibly an older error,
we'll see.
So let's go ahead to my data,
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah,
there's a new one, all right,
they're going to the database.
Not quite sure what the rule issue was,
but
logging out and logging back in solved it,
so we can try it out.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, so you go in, I'm
just not seeing them on the screen yet,
which is okay, we can debug that.
So those curly braces, they don't return.
>> Steve Kinney: New
errors are good errors,
>> Steve Kinney: posts,
>> Steve Kinney: Looks like an extra
closing brace, and now we should be good,
cool, so there's my posts.
To review what the error was,
is in JavaScript, if a arrow function
has curly braces around the body,
you need to use a return statement.
If it doesn't, then it takes
that one line and returns it.
In the refactoring and coding, I left
an extra set of curly braces in there,
which meant it was returning undefined.
And so simply by actually writing correct
JavaScript, my bug solved itself.